# Assignment 7
## Samantha jacobson


-
  -Divs split the webpage into differnt parts.  it creates sections and it is use as a container for html elements
  -Classes give specifies things to certain parts of the code by using a specific name
  -Ids value strings and help identify a specific element.
  - Spans is just a group element that is within the divs. They help organize what is in the divs.
- alt text is words or phrase that can be put into an attribe. We use it so we can style the webpage and make it our own.
- This assignment I spen quite a bit of time on. First I watched the walk through and followed along with it as much as I could. I put in the 4 main elements and the meta element in first. the I created 5 divs and labled them with headings. Since I went along with the walk through I embeded the Music video first in the video div. Then I worked on the copyright div. I downloaded the 3 file that I was suppost to download and inserted them by using the video, video poster and source tags. The I went and found the art cover for the art div. and inserted it using the img tag and all of the elements inside that tag. After that I went to soundcloud to find the song, but I was not a pro member so I could not get the whole original song without paying. So I found one that was sounded the same, but it was not the original song. I embeded it into the Audio div. This song is in Japanese so I wanted to put in the Japanese lyrics and English translated lyrics. I created a table in the lyrics div and copied and pasted the lyrics into two differnt panels and labled them. This was probably the thing that took me the longest because the text for both lyrics were different lengths and I was trying to space them equally in the table's panels. They were aligned weird in the table. I wanted the text to go to the tope of the panels, but I could not figure out how to do that. I was also trying to figure out if there was a way to space the lines of the text. I tryed using the paragraph and the br tags, but they spaced them too much. I wanted them to be spaced a certain way. I couldn't figure it out. I tryed to space them as close as possible. After that I put the address in the copyright div using the address tag and then I searched up the address using Google Maps. I embeded the Google map into the copyright div. Then I wrote in a paragraph tag saying that I do not own any of this material. Then I trned in my assignment.
