# Assigment 8
## Samantha Jacobson

- My experience learning HTML this semester was a lot different then my past experiences. I do remember using the 4 main elements and the style element. I have never used the meta elements and divs. I have used classes before. I did not know or I did not remember how to embed video and audio.
- I am excited about working with CSS because I have used it before and it make the code look more clean and organized than putting code one page.
- This assigment took me forever. It took me 7-8 hours of staring at a computer screen, going crazy a little bit. I did everything I usually do by going through the walkthrough and reading the instructions. I copied and pasted the main elements and meta elements on to 3 separete html pages named index, about and contact. I spent the longest on the index page. I use divs to separate the information about the different types of armatures, the materials and the instructions. I used a list within a table to show what material we needed. I used a table to list my steps and insert the photos that went along with certain steps. I used the style element to give the page color. I used the same style element settings in the other two pages. For my about page I put my discription in a paragraph and embeded a video to help my discription. In my contact page I put in the mailto email link in and I put in an address and number using the address tag. I also put in 2 Questions and a comment thing with a submit button. I added a photo because I thought it looked boring without it. I also created links that link all the pages together.
