# FINAL
## Samantha jacobson

- I learned about github a little more. I have been on it in past classes, but I did not know that you could put you main website link on to you home page of your repository.
- I learned about pseduos and how to use. I learned how to position things useding ids, spans and classes. Before I didn't know about ids and spans. I also did not know about display and now I do. I also did not know that you could embed media into my site til now.
- This assignment was probably the longest one out of the rest of my assignments, but it makes sense because it is the final. At first I was not sure of the subject that I wanted to do for the final. Then I finally figured out that I should do something that I would be very familiar with. I decided to be a huge nerd and create a website based on my favorite anime Fruits Basket. I first made all of my folders and files. I created 4 main pages and put in the normal setup my putting in all of the main and meta elements. I also made 3 css files. I decided to create the dropdown menu first because I thought that it would take the longest to make and it did. I create a menu.css file separate fron the style.css file. I made a second menu css file called menu2.css because I wanted the same look of the menu on each page but I wanted to the menu to have different colors on certain pages. I also created a bar across the top of each page that social media links on it. For the social media links I used the a tag to link them to the Fruits Basket offical pages in those certain types of social medias. I made the background of each page an image. I did not want a plain colored background. For my home page I wanted something simple. I didn't want it to be overbearing. I used divs to divide everything up in all of my pages. I put in a title using the h1 tag. I put in a quote and embeded a video on my home page. I also put in a copyright thing at the bottom of each one of my 4 main pages. In my about page I just put in title and a description of the anime/manga. I wanted to put in an image next to the summary so I created a table. I spent the most time on my character gallery. I wanted to make it look nice so I used Adobe Illustrator to crop all of my images and turned them into png images so they would be trasparent. I know we were suppost to have 4 pages, but I ended adding 15 more pages. I made these pages profiles for each character. I copied and pasted the same set up for all of the profile and just altered the desicription and changed the images. in the profiles I created buttons that link all the profiles together so you can go back and forth through them. On the main gallery page I made a table with 3 collums and 5 rows. In each td tag of the table I put in an image of each character and linked it to the certain character's profile page. I made the images like buttons to their pages. When you hover over the images they fade a little bit. I changed the opacity of them in my style.css. In each one of the profiles I made a table that has a desicription and 3 images. I am most pround of the character gallery because I spent the most time on it and I think it look good. I thought it was worth it. In my contact page I made two separate tables. In one table I made 3 collums. The first collum I put in the address to the University of Montana and I used the mailto link to link my school email to the collum. In the second collum I put in links to outsite websites that have more information. For the links I made them more button like by changeing the way they look in my style.css. I changed the font, font color and the background. I also added a little padding. I made it so when you hover over them they would change color. In my third collem I put in the the social media links and their images. In my second table I made two collums. The first one I put in a nice image and in the second collum I added a form with 3 element in it. I put in two questions, a comment box and a post button. I used my style.css file to change the shape, size, color and position of everything in my website xcept for the dropdown menu. I used two fonts for the whole thing. I just change the size, style and color of the fonts. That is my work process on creating my website.
