# Assigment 10
## Samantha Jacobson

- 1.system fonts are already installed in the device that you are on.
  2.web fonts are custom fonts that you can find on a website like google fonts.
  3.web-safe fonts are font that devolopers count on being available. ex. "Times New Roman" and "Arial"
-  the importance of having fallback fonts or fallback stack is to make the text not too jarring. It you have two completely different fonts it will make your text look bad unlike two fonts that are different but look similar.
-  I first created my files like my index, css, and my readme. I then put in my main and meta elements into my index.html. I linked my style.css to my index.html by putting it into my head tag. I created divs for my tile and author, my photo, the poem, a video that I wanted in it and my citations and link button. I found a poem that I really liked and paste it in on of my divs. I used paragraph tags and br tags to space out the poem. I then went into my style.css sheet and used two classes to change the format of my page and the text in it. for separate text like that title and headers I used spans. I changed the color of the text and the background colors in the classes,ids and Spans. I used one Id for the link button because I did not want it centered like the rest of the text. I created a span for my a tag. I changed the padding and color to make it look like a button. I also a pseduo-class to change the color of the button when you hover over it and after you visit the link. I used a pseduo-element to change the first letter in the first paragraph tag in each div. I made citaions for all of my sources and put them in one of the last divs. I also embeded a video into on of the divs because it is related to the poem and I though that it would be good to have with the poem. I recommend list the video will reading the poem and then watch the video. I also found a website that talks about the author and I linked it to my a tag button. I added two types of fonts and adjusted the size and spacing to make it look nice. My color scheme is a grayscale color palette because I wanted it to relate to the poem, the short animation and the image that I put on my webpage.
